Mark FlexVolume deprecated (#30686)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/flexvolume.md

date: 2018-06-25
full_link: /docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#flexvolume
short_description: >

>     FlexVolume is an interface for creating out-of-tree volume plugins. It is deprecated in v1.23. The {{< glossary_tooltip text="Container Storage Interface" term_id="csi" >}} is a newer interface which addresses several problems with FlexVolumes.

Reviewer: I'd use the original text here.

aka: 
tags:
- storage 
---

>  FlexVolume is an interface for creating out-of-tree volume plugins. It is deprecated in v1.23. The {{< glossary_tooltip text="Container Storage Interface" term_id="csi" >}} is a newer interface which addresses several problems with FlexVolumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="deprecated" >}}

FlexVolume is a deprecated interface for creating out-of-tree volume plugins. The {{< glossary_tooltip text="Container Storage Interface" term_id="csi" >}} is a newer interface that addresses several problems with FlexVolume.
```
